README.md, before:

# Product Filtering with React
This React project allows user to filter through a list of electronic products and add them to a shopping cart. The original tutorial project this is based on was done in HTML,CSS, & Javascript and was originally authored by [Brad Travery](https://www.traversymedia.com/blog/product-filtering-ui). This version takes the original DOM implmentation and converts it to a React application. 

## React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript and enable type-aware lint rules. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

Commit message:

Update README with the link to the backend repository

README.md, after:

# Product Filtering with React
This React project allows user to filter through a list of electronic products and add them to a shopping cart. The original tutorial project this is based on was done in HTML,CSS, & Javascript and was originally authored by [Brad Travery](https://www.traversymedia.com/blog/product-filtering-ui). This version takes the original DOM implmentation and converts it to a React application. 

The backend portion of this applicationwhich uses Flask can be found in [this repository](https://github.com/chadhindsight/productfilter-backend).

## React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript and enable type-aware lint rules. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.
